Hello and welcome Blitz Movies Today I'll show you Knock Knock, a 2015 thriller film. Spoiler Alert! This video contains details to the plot of this movie. Evan and Karen have a happy life in California with their two children and a small dog. He is an architect, and she is a sculptor preparing for her largest show. As the family sits down to have breakfast, Karen's aide Louis enters the house, carrying the show catalogs. They all laugh, and Evan asks his children whether they are prepared for their weekend vacation to the beach with their mother. Karen shows Louis the main piece, informing him that it is still drying, and he pledges to pick it up soon it is dry to take it to the exhibition. As Karen and the kids prepare to leave, she informs Evan that his physical therapist, Vivian, will be there the following day. The kids urge him to spend the weekend with them, but he needs to stay and work. Evan may be seen working on his computer and listening to music on his very nice turntable in the dark and wet night. He receives a phone call from Karen, who informs him that they already miss him. Evan then works late into the night, creating 3D printed replicas of his concepts. At one point, he hears a knock on the front door and answers it to find two females searching for someone whose name he doesn't know. He unwillingly allows them in to use his computer and locate the correct address. The girls enter, and Evan goes to grab them some towels and his iPad. When he returns, he discovers them in another room of the home. The blonde girl introduces herself as Bell, and the other girl's name is Genesis. Genesis asks for his location and claims that they mispronounced the street name to the cab driver, so they're now a long distance from their destination. Evan phones an Uber and is able to obtain one within 45 minutes. After a little discussion, the girls ask Evan if they may put their clothing in the dryer so they don't arrive for the party soaking wet. Evan accepts and goes to grab them some additional robes before asking for Genesis' phone to try to dry it in some rice. When they enter the kitchen and give him their clothing, he can be seen doing precisely that, as well as making tea for them. Evan puts the laundry in the dryer when he hears the girls laughing and playing music on his old turntable. He walks in on them dancing and they begin discussing his huge record collection. Evan informs them that while he was in his twenties, he worked as a DJ. They pretend shocked by his age and ask him how old he is, so when he tells his age, the girls compliment him on looking younger. Evan claims that he married when he was young and that his wife and children are on a weekend trip that they were meant to go together, but he had to stay at home to work. The ladies feel terrible for him for being home alone and hug him, then Genesis begins touching him, claiming he's far too ripped for his age. Evan seems a little uneasy, but when Bell shows him a photo of his wife and tells him that he's a lucky person, he relaxes a little. Evan gushes over Karen and her art, which astounds Bell when she discovers that all of the artwork in the home is Karen's. Genesis explains that she studied art history for a semester and wonders why Karen's sculptures aren't on display at MOMA. This inspires Evan to show them Karen's catalog for the upcoming art show in Los Angeles. The girls are fascinated by his wife and him, referring to them as a gorgeous pair and inquiring about their love lives, which makes Evan uneasy. He claims that he isn't used to girls discussing lovemaking so freely, and the girls laugh at him, telling him that he now sounds ancient. He swaps seats once more and checks the Uber app. Genesis inquires how long he has been married to Karen, to which he responds that it has been a while. She inquires whether his wife is the only lady he has been intimate with throughout the years, to which he responds that this is how it is when you love someone. Naturally, the girls disagree with him and have a lot to say about monogamy and human nature, which causes Evan to pause for a while. Bell informs him that she is aware that whenever she marries, her future husband would want to sleep with other women. Her answer to this dilemma is to only have threesomes, which ensures that he will never cheat on her. Evan becomes increasingly uneasy and switches the subject, inquiring as to what they do for a career. Genesis informs him that they are flight attendants, and they both begin acting out their roles with him. Evan dodges them once more, shifting to another seat and inquiring as to where they are based. They start talking about their jobs and travel, with Bell suggesting that traveling is the best way to get life experience. The females begin chatting about their coworkers in order to redirect the topic back to lovemaking. When Genesis requests to visit the restroom, Evan nervously checks on the Uber once more. He goes up to replace the record and plays one from his collection that Bell has chosen. Evan tells her about the artist and she listens intently, then begins to dance, inspiring Evan to DJ for her He finds another record to blend with the one he's playing and impresses Bell with his "skill" Bell tells him that she's glad they knocked on his door, having way more fun at his house instead of the party they were supposed to go to When the Uber comes, she flirts with him and attempts to kiss him. Bell goes to fetch Genesis, and then he goes to grab their clothing and phone. When the girls do not appear at the door, Evan goes to the restroom to seek for them. He hears them laughing inside and goes in to give them their clothing, only to discover that they are nude. They pretend it's his surprise, and Evan first acts prudish, claiming that their Uber is waiting for them and pleading with them to get dressed. Genesis starts kissing him and he rejects the advances, but as both of them start touching him, he caves up rather quickly. Evan enjoys a threesome with the girls in the bathtub and then in his bed because no one answers his calls. They all fall asleep at the same time. Evan wakes up alone in bed the next day and immediately returns his wife's texts before re-putting his wedding band on. He gets dressed and checks the house, but just as he thinks the girls have left, he hears them laughing and making a mess in the kitchen. When he walks in, he finds Genesis making pancakes and offering him some. Evan becomes enraged by their actions and asks if he may drive them home or anywhere they want. The girls mock him, and he becomes even more enraged as he realizes he has a minor problem on his hands. Suddenly, his wife's phone rings, and he rushes outside to answer it. Karen labels Evan a lightweight after he tells her he smoked too much cannabis and passed asleep. When the two girls arrive on the glass door behind him, she starts telling him about the kids. He shifts so she can't see them on the video call and tells her about his work project, saying he's in a great groove and will finish it shortly. Karen realizes that he is preoccupied as the females continue to play with him through the glass doors, so they stop the conversation. Realizing he'll have a difficult time getting rid of the females, he enters into the home shouting and yelling at them. When Evan orders them to get up and dress, the girls dash into the other room. When he goes to retrieve them, he only discovers Genesis and then goes in search of Bell. He discovers her in his closet, clothed in his shirt, pleading for him to hug her and flinging herself into him, declaring her love for him. Evan returns her to Genesis and tells them three minutes to get ready while he waits outside. He finishes his cigarette and returns to collect them when he notices both of them painting on top of Karen's sculpture. Evan becomes enraged and flings Genesis off the sculpture before grabbing the pen from Bell's hands and asking them if they realize what they've done. They say they were inspired by last night, so he decides to contact the cops. However, Genesis advises him that it is not a good idea because they are underage. Bell, she claims, is 15 years old. Evan is skeptical, but Genesis informs him that the jury will decide. She refers to it as statutory rape. If he still decides to call, Bell claims she has evidence. He is perplexed by the flight attendant narrative they told him the day before, and Genesis informs him that they watched it in a movie. Evan is at a loss for what to do, so he asks them how much money they would want. They tell him that he is unique and that he should not be upset. Evan gives them his wallet and asks how much they want again, infuriating them for treating them like prostitutes. When the doorbell rings, Bell smacks him and tells him that she is not the whore. Evan orders them to stay there and goes to open the door, where he finds Vivian, his therapist, standing in front of it. Vivian starts talking right away, and he tells her that he's feeling much better and doesn't need any more counseling. The woman continues to speak incessantly until Genesis appears and informs her that he does not want her massage. When Evan orders her to return inside, Vivian becomes enraged since she adores his wife. He insists that's not what she thinks, but she just walks away, claiming it's precisely what she thinks it is. Evan returns home to discover the girls tampering with his turntable. He pulls Bell away from the table, then attempts to kick both of them out of the house, but the girls simply keep bothering him. Evan becomes enraged as Genesis continues to insult him and grabs her by the throat. Bell becomes terrified and takes a statue to smash him over the head if she needs to defend her buddy, who continues to cruelly insult Evan. He lets her escape and reports a break-in to the police. Before he can finish his sentence, Genesis cuts the conversation off and begs for a ride. They all leave the house, and he drives them to a different neighborhood.When Bell gets out of the car, she invites Evan to come in and meet her mother. The females do not enter the home, but instead walk in the other direction. When Evan returns home, he immediately starts cleaning. He cleans his kitchen and bathroom before attempting to clean his wife's sculpture. That night, he takes a pill, convinced that the issue is resolved and that he has escaped unharmed. When Evan returns to his work project, he hears glass cracking in another section of the home. He investigates but initially discovers nothing. As he enters the living area, he notices one of his family photographs has been shattered on the floor. When he knelt to get it, Genesis smacks him across the face with one of his wife's sculptures. Evan is tethered to his bed by Genesis, who is putting on cosmetics and humming. He begs her to untie him and let him go, saying he's simply a decent person who made a mistake, but she just keeps going about her business. Bell appears out of nowhere, dressed in his daughter's underpants, and Evan loses it, telling her to take them off and calling her a crazy bitch. Bell removes his underpants and tosses it in his face, dancing around in front of him, proclaiming that a girl's first love is her father. Evan informs her that she is ill, but Bell ignores him and goes on with her games. He implores her to untie him, but she simply sits on top of him, exposing some of her deep-seated father issues and difficult background. Bell begins to strike Evan, confusing him with her own father, as if he was the one who abused her when she was a child, as Genesis writes "It was not a dream" on the mirror. His phone suddenly rings, and they both go for it. When they notice Karen on FaceTime, they prepare to answer it by unzipping Evan's pants and threatening to take the call. He begs them not to do it and assures Bell that he would fulfill her every want. Bell jumps him because he wants to make love to him, and Genesis captures it on his phone before leaving the room. Evan breaks free from his shackles and pushes Bell to the ground, then gets up and chases down Genesis. He takes her by the neck when he discovers her eating cake, but she stabs his shoulder with her fork. When Bell arrives, she flips the fork around in Evan's wound, holding him down, and informs him that they'll have to punish him because he hit her. Evan loses unconscious because to the anguish he is experiencing, allowing the females to re-tie him. They pretend to be on a game show with him and play a game with him. Genesis portrays the MC, while Bell portrays a competitor. When Evan accuses them of being insane liars, Genesis begins making noises on his turntable, severely injuring his hearing. He shouts out that he's going deaf, so she turns off the music. When he refuses to engage in the game show role play, Genesis hurts him again. Evan responds to the second question, delighting the females with his response. He tells Genesis that she has proven her point, so she repeats the noise, and when he finally gives in, she asks him another question. The bell literally comes over to pick up the sculpture and the girls cover Evan up so he doesn't see him, then Bell wheels him into another room. Evan doesn't know what to say and is on the verge of being punished, but is saved by the bell. When Genesis opens the door, she introduces Evan as her uncle and explains that they are filming a music video at his home. When Louis enters the room to pick up the sculpture, he discovers that something is wrong with it, and the girls claim that they did not make it. When he discovers how they defamed the artwork, the girls proceed to tell him a tale about someone breaking in and Evan pursuing him. When Genesis hits on Louis, he doesn't believe them and threatens to contact the cops. Unfortunately, her seduction is ineffective on him, and he sees right through her. When Evan makes a noise, Louis goes up to him and confronts the girls. He finds Evan and begins to free him, but when he hears the females trashing the sculpture, he chooses to deal with them first. Louis rushes over to them and shouts at them, but the terror causes him to have an asthma attack. However, he is unable to locate his inhaler since it has been taken from his pocket and is being tossed around by the men. Evan begs the girls to give him his inhaler, but Louis trips and falls, breaking his skull on the sculpture's base. The girls begin to giggle and ignore Evans' requests to call an ambulance and assist Louis. They've murdered him, according to Evan, while Genesis claims that his wife killed him with her terrible sculpture. They bring Evan back into the home and later cover Louis' corpse in paper, transforming him into a sculpture. Evan, on the other hand, attempts to get to his pistol. They throw the body in Louis' van after Genesis sends a threatening text using Evans' phone to Louis. The girls return and resume their game show act with Evan. He refuses to answer the question, instead repeating that he is a wonderful parent and that what occurred with the girls has no bearing on how much he loves his family. Bell spits on a photo of his family, claiming that's what he did to them when he slept with the two of them. Genesis labels his family victims of his perverted conduct, and Bell spits on a photo of his family, saying that's what he did to them when he slept with the two of them. Evan understands that they are going to kill him, so he starts pleading for his life, claiming that the females were the ones who began it all by tormenting him, and that he bears no responsibility. He'll be executed at dawn, according to Genesis, and if she were him, she wouldn't waste her dying hours sobbing over it. Bell apologizes and claims that it is the only option. Later, the girls dig a grave for him in his garden and return just before he manages to contact Karen on his iPad. Genesis pulls it away from him, and they head to his wardrobe to change into some other clothing. The majority of Karen's sculptures, as well as his design models, are then defaced. The girls also give him a bowl cut, mocking him and utterly ruining his home as well as the remainder of Karen's artwork. They discover the pistol and Bell untangles him. Evan asks Genesis what she wants again, and she says she wants to play hide and seek. She then gives him 30 seconds to hide within the home. They'll leave if they don't locate him before daybreak, she says. As the girls count down from 30, Evan dashes into the kitchen and grabs a knife. They search the house for him, and when Evan feels they've gone far enough, he rushes out. Genesis approaches him and tells him that he can scream all he wants, that no one will hear him since no one is home. Evan is rolled to the cemetery and thrown in at daybreak by the females. They hold him up to leave his head above ground before burying him. They bury him up to his neck, and he continues to scream for his life. Evan agrees to behave, and Genesis removes the gag. He attempts to barter with them for his life, and Genesis says that if he phones his family and tells them everything, they will let him go. Evan pledges to do it, but when Genesis dials his wife's phone and receives her answering machine, he begins screaming for assistance. Genesis re-inserts the joke and informs him that she hung up as soon as she received Karen's voice mail. She grabs a sculpture and drops it next to him, ostensibly on his head. They chuckle and claim they aren't going to murder him when he starts crying. Bell assures him that it was all in good fun, and that all of the guys they've harmed are the same. They reveal that they are not underage and do one last thing to Evan before leaving. Bell uploads the video of her and Evan on Facebook before leaving the house, leaving the phone in front of him. Evan tries to delete the video before it receives any more views, but instead of deletion, it receives likes. When his family returns home the next day, they find the house in complete disarray, as the girls had left it.